BD-4582 WhatsApp List Messages (#9503)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/whatsapp/message_processing/user_messages.md

Note that you can use any subsequent actions that the Braze Canvas offers, such as messages in response, user profile updates, or Braze-to-Braze webhooks. 

## List messages

List messages appear as a body message with a list of clickable options. Each list can have multiple sections, and each list can have up to 10 rows.

![Example of a WhatsApp list message with rows for different fashion styles.][5]{: style="max-width:40%;"}

### Configure the list message experience in Canvas

#### Step 1: Create or edit an existing action-based Canvases

You can only add WhatsApp list messages to Canvases that are action-based, as they need to be in response to a user message.

#### Step 2: Create a WhatsApp Message step

Add a WhatsApp [Message step]({{site.baseurl}}/user_guide/engagement_tools/canvas/canvas_components/message_step/), and then select the response message layout of **List Message**.

![A selectable collection of the different types of WhatsApp response messages you can create, including "List Message".][6]{: style="max-width:70%;"}

Add a **List button** name that users will select to display your list. Then, use the fields in **List content** to create your list:

> - **Section:** Add up to 10 sections to organize your list. For example, a clothing retailer could use sections to organize seasonal styles (e.g, winter/autumn and spring/summer) or clothing items (e.g., tops, bottoms, shoes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Section:** Add up to 10 sections to group and organize your list items. For example, a clothing retailer could use sections to organize by seasonal styles (like spring, summer, autumn, winter) or clothing items (like tops, bottoms, shoes).
```
